travel down from Waterville in Maine
about seven hours early last night in
the bar in rain to watch city smoke
Chelsea today like they did the other
day and this is my daughter's first game
ever that she's looking forward to it
and she's a man through it Manchester
City phone just like me
just how are you excited are you for the
game oh I can't wait it's great to see
these guys in person wonderful yeah get
to compute Yeah right Man Man City one
in st. Louis she let him win it's me a
lot because I never had the chance to go
to a good especially because I'm a big
fan of much of the city so they came to
New York I came all the way from
Washington here is just watching my
sister
it's great to actually see them might
not have to go thank you Sarah please
it's not all I mean I wish I could be
able to go to Lenore giggling more and
see them on person and during the
premiership but this is close to the
guests it's incredible because when I
saw the game was posted for st. Louis I
posted on the facebook page I'm like
make us off in New York please and Sarah
no I mean it just it's incredible the
club mean so much to me and it's just I
can't believe it
and is there anyone in particular you're
looking forward to saying tonight uh
probably avid Silla keep my favorite so
I'm really excited to see him trying to
see my phone I get an autograph like a
little Sabah I know he played on
Thursday but maybe if they could squeeze
them in for like five minutes I could be
happy
I came this is my first time birmingham
in a dream come true
you